[Example 15] Using multiple controller managers under different namespaces (#423)
ros-controls/ros2_control_demos: example_15/README.md

# ros2_control_demo_example_15

>    This example shows how to include multiple robots in namespaced controller manager instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This example shows how to integrate multiple robots under different controller manager instances.
```
